All right. So, you're finally connected to
the Ethereum main network with Infura and Web3.
In this video, I want to show you how you can read data directly from
your terminal that used to only be available to you from Etherscan.
First, I'll navigate to Etherscan and select an address.
Next, I'll set a variable named address equal to that address.
Now, all I need to do is write a line that returns
the balance of the address and sets it to a variable named balance.
I pasted this in from the documentation,
but let's run it first to see what it returns.
Great, we now have the balance of this account.
You can check Etherscan to see if this is correct. It looks right to me.
One difference you'll notice is that our balance is listed in Wei,
but the balance on Etherscan is in Ether.
If you want to view the balance in Wei in your terminal,
then you'll need to make the conversion yourself.
This can be done using the web3.utils module.
For now, I'll leave it as a challenge to you,
and in the next concept,
I'll show you a way to do it.
For now, you might be wondering what this code even means.
There's a couple of things to note here when you're first getting started.
First, the balance function exists within the Eth module along with many other functions.
You can check out the web3.eth module documentation to learn more about these functions.
Next, in this piece of code,
we're passing in the address URL that we set above.
Finally, since blockchain calls are asynchronous,
we're ending with a callback function.
This callback function sets the value of our balance to a variable named balance.
Once this is all set up,
we can call the variable balance and that's what's returning the balance of the account.
This is a common pattern you'll see in the calls you make using Web3.
It can be a bit strange to get used to,
but once you start seeing it a lot, it's not so bad.
If you forget what to do, you can always refer back to the documentation.
I put a link below the video that takes you to this exact line of
code in the documentation along with some extra description.
You can read through this for some more explanation of how this works.
Then, when you're ready, before moving on,
try reading the balance of a few different accounts to help you get the hang of it.